stateful api actions support: pause, resume, recycle, de-allocate (#192)
spotinst/terraform-provider-spotinst: website/docs/r/ocean_aws.html.markdown

* `fallback_to_ondemand` - (Optional, Default: `true`) If not Spot instance markets are available, enable Ocean to launch On-Demand instances instead.
* `utilize_reserved_instances` - (Optional, Default `false`) If Reserved instances exist, OCean will utilize them before launching Spot instances.
* `draining_timeout` - (Optional) The time in seconds, the instance is allowed to run while detached from the ELB. This is to allow the instance time to be drained from incoming TCP connections before terminating it, during a scale down operation.

> * `grace_period` - (Optional, Default: 600) The amount of time, in seconds, after the instance has launched to starts and check its health.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `grace_period` - (Optional, Default: 600) The amount of time, in seconds, after the instance has launched to start checking its health.
```
